# Voting NO on "2025 Cardano NCL"

**April 25th 2025**

> gov_action10k0unljvaej0kd89w7pn0zkgdx59c7xkl0x5q78dzvdtd73u0kmqq5xl5y5

[View On-Chain](https://cardanoscan.io/vote/723ffd516e67b18ea4795119f670f30872b757240687776dbcab6ba6091f2019)

Since my previous vote, where I stated *"While the proposed amount of ₳350M is a tad high for my liking, it is not so high as to justify stalling the budget process."* I have become convinced that ₳350M is approximately the correct value for the NCL for the remainder of the year.
This new proposal would set the NCL at ₳200M.

Cardano needs to learn how to swim — and we need to do it fast. Blockchain was conceived to solve the distribution of control problem. No network has fully lived up to that challenge yet, and it remains a problem we desperately need to solve.
Cardano is the closest to fulfilling the true destiny of blockchain, but we will only succeed if we learn to manage resources and make complex decisions.
We will not learn that by acting so cautiously that we never take risks. We need the freedom to make mistakes — and an NCL as low as ₳200M does not grant us that freedom.

Our responsibility is to manage the treasury wisely, not to avoid risk out of fear.
We need to accept that we will make mistakes, and that's okay — because we will address them and learn from them.
Because that's how we get better.

Matthew 25:14–30

Signed,
William Doyle

Your friendly neighborhood DRep! <br>
$computerman <br>
drep1yfpgzfymq6tt9c684e7vzata8r5pl4w84fmrjqeztdqw0sgpzw3nt <br>

